fix(menu): updates to support dynamic menus #50 (#52)
AlaskaAirlines/auro-combobox: docs/partials/apiExamples.md

</auro-accordion>

#### dynamicMenu

> If set, combobox will not do suggestion filtering of the menuoptions. This option is only for use when the `<auro-menuoption>` elements are being determined externally to combobox (e.g. using the citysearch API to generate a pre-filtered set of options).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `dynamicMenu` attribute, the auro-combobox element will not filter menuoptions based on input. It is expected that the filtered results will be addressed via an external API that will feed the menuoptions back into the element. 

The following example illustrates that as you enter a string into the input element, the menuoptions results do not change. 
```
